way there's just too many important Las
Vegas Nevada legends Football League
headquarters everything has to go like
we can't hold off kickoff for 15-20
minutes or have like a ridiculous break
in between that this weekly production
meeting held via conference call
includes lfl internal staff and its team
it is the proverbial turning of the
pages from the week before to the game
that lies ahead while much of this week
will be routine it symbolizes the
culmination of a dream realized this
week team lfl goes 100 + 0 announcers
staff flight 14 place the team is
comprised of a group of experts their
expertise matched only by their
versatility
as early as 730 a.m. on game day the
team begins to prepare the arena for
what has become known as the ultimate
live sports experience
every member on staff wears multiple
hats I'm just cleaning up your dogs
masking out of the usual throughout the
week one job gameday morning several of
us on the lfl road team practice does
not make perfect only perfect practice
and manifest perfection on a stage of
ever changing variables a philosophy
shared by the only pair of eyes in the
world that has witnessed all 99 games
thus far we're not a bullshit league
like a million of them popping up now
but have no fucking idea what football
is or how serious for take it or how
hard we work to get to this point we
have to take advantage of every
opportunity we get and tonight is as
massive as they get on so many levels
you have to have been through the battle
to know what's at stake here and you
guys all have enough veteran leadership
while we have rookies we have a lot of
veteran leadership that have been on the
big stage became all I'm asking for is
those betters the fucking step up in the
locker can you get back now
game and I'm extremely excited to be a
part of it it's been a huge blessing and
I'm very thankful for the opportunity
that they have given me congratulations
on the hundredth game of the NFL so
excited and so happy and privileged to
be a part of it with you guys thanks for
bringing me along the ride here's to 100
games more here's so here's to another
game of mom and dad played for years 99
games
ninety-nine chances to fail but 99 times
they succeeded tonight is more than a
celebration of the past it's a
declaration of the future to come all
these in front of the women that make
religious
never
to be where it's at
next
even before the celebration ends team
lfl prepares to release an LA team ready
to seize the moment it's game time
ladies those banners out there that's
we're playing for tonight they think
they've got this shit this is hard fuck
each other fucking good put the hurt on
their first hit them as far as you
fucking shit and keep them on the ground
stick your bucket foot on there
Oh
the shop and I needed to end zone
once the athletes take the field LF L
staff and fans alike can't be certain of
much certain only to be amazed and that
like the 399 quarters before the fourth
quarter will come and go the game is a
final la
it has been for certain that one team
will celebrate while the staff undresses
the building in the lfl there are small
quiets between the scheduled storms
moments where we pause to appreciate
what we work tirelessly to accomplish in
these moments memories are Ford's for a
lifetime for the blue-collar workers
behind the scene who will never be
spotlighted or highlighted that is not
their dream
they continue their jobs loading the
braids packing the balance longing only
for the day and share this experience
with you another ninety nine days